# DebugManager

**WARNING**

This is a WIP mod, with the aim to aid modmakers debug their creation, or just to have fun. 
This mod might ban, so use this on an alt account and offline.
This tool is not meant to be a cheating tool, all of its features will be disabled if you are connected to the game servers. Either go offline using modengine or using Cheat Engine.

**Installation**

If you don't have Mod Engine or any other dll based mods, then rename DebugManager.dll to dinput8.dll and drag and drop all the files in your Game directory (same level as DarkSoulsII.exe).

If you use another dll based mod, then you need to follow these steps:
1) Get LazyLoader by ChurchGuard https://www.nexusmods.com/darksouls3/mods/677
2) Move your old dll mod inside the dllMods folder, then do the same for DebugManager.dll. DLL names do not matter, they can be named however you wish.
3) Move the DebugManager folder inside the Game folder, same level as DarkSoulsII.exe

**Usage**

The overlay window is opened by pressing F10 on your keyboard.

Most settings can be customized in DebugManager/DebugManager.ini, including the open key.

Here's an overview of what the tool includes.

**Settings**

Character Collider Settings:

	1. Draw Reference Frame: Show world reference frame on the player when enabled.
	
	2. Detection Radius: The distance at which Colliders will be shown.
	
	3. Max Entity Count: Maximum number of colliders shown at once.
	
Grab Collider Settings:

	1. Draw Player Zone: Whether or not to draw the player grab zone too when Grab Zone Draw is enabled
	
	2. Detection Radius: The distance at which Grab Colliders will be shown.
	
	3. Sphere Segments: How many segments to use to draw the collider. You shouln't need to touch this, increasing this amount will decrease performance.
	
Damage Colliders Settings:

	1. Draw All Damage Events: Hitbox display normally doesn't show damage events triggered by TimeAct ID 2201 and 2202. Enabling this option will make these visible too
	
	2. Hide No Stun Events: This will hide hitboxes that deal zero damage and that do not apply any kind of stun. (Default: ON)
	
	3. Show Map Hitboxes: This will show hitboxes created by a system event. System events include: environmental hitboxes (fire columns, poison coulds etc), system bullets and various other things generated by the map.
  
  	4. Show Damage Info: This will display Hitbox ID (DamageParam ID) of all active hitboxes. Can be useful for modders editing enemy attacks.

* Disable AI: Self explanatory. It makes it so NPCs do not act.
* Player Info: This will load the player window in the debug menu, which includes general player informations.
* Target Info: Same as Player Info, but for locked target instead.
* Warp: this will open the warp menu. This will let you bonfireWarp to the desired bonfire
* Morpheme Editor: Will show up a beta, WIP Morpheme debug window. Usage is explained in detail below.

Character:

	1. Character Info: Will display ChrParam ID, Position and Health of all the loaded entities.
	
	2. Character Colliders: Will display the map colliders for all the loeaded entities.
	
	3. Grab System: Will display the grab colliders for all the loeaded entities.
	
	4. Damage Colliders (Hitbox Display): Will display all the damage colliders created by the game.
	
	5. Character Hit Colliders (Hurtbox Display): Will display the Havok hit colliders used to determine whether or not a character is hit by a damage collider.
